hey guys it's missy here I wanted to
share something with you that I found
while playing battlefield for a few days
ago I ran through this doorway and I
kept getting hurt I don't know why it
was happening there's no fire I wasn't
being shot and there's no other way as a
player can get her my guess is that dice
left at sugar her or something similar
there on accident I recorded a little
bit of it so you can see for yourself
dude I'm being hit by nothing thanks my
team no like it's one right here like
when I'm gonna pass it
that's what like this area here maybe
you're stepping on or something
it makes no sense though
it just happened again
it's right here or something here that's
triggering me to get hurt
maybe they made a mistake me back or
something I want to see what says my
died
it's only when I run a full speed
that's so weird
how does weird though and there you have
it I got killed before I can actually
see what happens if you die but you get
the idea I'm not really sure what it is
but they should really work on fixing
that because it's kind of weird alright
i hope you guys enjoyed